README.md, before:

# TO-DO

- [ ] Find or create a logo
- [X] Find or create a landing page bg image
- [X] Fix landing page alignment issue between lg and md breakpoints
- [X] Check out firebase module bundler documentation
- [ ] Reseach GDPR and Cookie policy
- [ ] Implement phone login feature
- [X] Fix location select performance issue
- [X] Fetch genres from firestore instead of local
- [ ] Implement autocomplete instead of select for location
- [ ] Fix crash on google login popup close
- [X] Investigate 400 XHR failed error when trying to upload to uploadthing
- [ ] Investigate why you can't scroll countries in edit profile modal
- [ ] Implement zustand
- [ ] Implement error boundary components
- [ ] Implement a toast component

## 31.01.2025

- [x] Implement edit profile for:
- - [x] title
- - [x] location
- - [x] bio

## 03.02.2025

- [x] Implement e2e test with firebase login

## 04.02.2025

- [x] Implement connect profiles functionality

## 06.02.2025

- [X] Implement accept connection feature
- [X] Display all connected profiles in connections tab
- [X] Implement delete connection feature

## 17.02.2025

- [ ] Configure e2e cypress tests with a custom cookie
- [ ] Add an e2e test for profile connections
- [ ] Implement modal for connection deletion

Commit message:

implement text messaging using firestore

README.md, after:

# TO-DO

- [ ] Find or create a logo
- [X] Find or create a landing page bg image
- [X] Fix landing page alignment issue between lg and md breakpoints
- [X] Check out firebase module bundler documentation
- [ ] Reseach GDPR and Cookie policy
- [ ] Implement phone login feature
- [X] Fix location select performance issue
- [X] Fetch genres from firestore instead of local
- [ ] Implement autocomplete instead of select for location
- [ ] Fix crash on google login popup close
- [X] Investigate 400 XHR failed error when trying to upload to uploadthing
- [ ] Investigate why you can't scroll countries in edit profile modal
- [ ] Implement zustand
- [ ] Implement error boundary components
- [ ] Implement a toast component
- [ ] Configure e2e cypress tests with a custom cookie
- [ ] Add an e2e test for profile connections

## 31.01.2025

- [x] Implement edit profile for:
- - [x] title
- - [x] location
- - [x] bio

## 03.02.2025

- [x] Implement e2e test with firebase login

## 04.02.2025

- [x] Implement connect profiles functionality

## 06.02.2025

- [X] Implement accept connection feature
- [X] Display all connected profiles in connections tab
- [X] Implement delete connection feature

## 17.02.2025

- [X] Implement modal for connection deletion

## 20.02.2025

- [X] Implement text layout for text messaging

## 21.02.2025

- [X] Implement text messaging feature with firestore
- [ ] Configure e2e cypress tests with a custom cookie
- [ ] Add an e2e test for profile connections
